welcome back to movietella
this time i'm gonna treat you to a 2007
science fiction horror film called the
mist
in bridgton maine artist david drayton
his wife stephanie and their
eight-year-old son billy take shelter in
the basement of their lakeside home
during a severe thunderstorm
while surveying the damage the next
morning they notice a thick mist
advancing over the lake
david and billy leave for town with
their neighbor brent norton to buy
supplies
inside the supermarket they watch police
cars speed down the street and a
terrified civilian dan miller runs into
the store and warns of a danger lurking
in the mist
as a siren sounds store managers ollie
weeks and bud brown close off the
supermarket and the mist envelops the
store
against david's advice bagger norm goes
outside to fix the store's emergency
generator but he is grabbed by a
tentacled creature and dragged into the
mist
david and ollie direct the customers to
barricade the storefront windows but one
woman leaves to go home to her children
mrs carmody a religious fanatic begins
preaching about an impending armageddon
while a small group of skeptics led by
brent leave the store to seek outside
help which results in their deaths
david forms connections with several
people in the store including amanda
dunphy and irene repler two teachers who
came into conflict with mrs carmody over
her religious zealotry
amanda carries a revolver in her purse
and gives it to ali who is a former
regional shooting champion
as nightfalls enormous flying insects
attracted to the lights swarm in front
of the store and are preyed on by
pterodactyl-like creatures
one of the creatures smashes a window
allowing the insects inside
in the ensuing panic two people are
killed and another is burned to death in
an attempt to incinerate the insects
meanwhile mrs carmody is miraculously
spared from an insect leading her to
proselytize more fervently and gain
followers among the survivors
a small group led by david goes to the
neighboring pharmacy in search of
medical supplies but is attacked by
giant spiders that kill two men forcing
them to retreat
mrs carmody who had opposed the
expedition uses this failure to increase
her influence by offering protection
from divine wrath to new converts
the next day following the suicides of
two soldiers from the local military
base a third soldier jesup reveals that
a government project to discover other
dimensions was underway at the base and
that scientists may have opened a
doorway into a dimension containing the
creatures invading the town
mrs carmody's followers offered jessop
as a sacrifice and expel him from the
supermarket and he is immediately
devoured by a giant praying mantis-like
creature
the next morning david and his group
prepare to leave the store but are
stopped by mrs carmody who demands that
billy be delivered as the next sacrifice
her followers threaten billy but ollie
shoots and kills her and forces her
followers to stand down at gunpoint
outside he and two others are devoured
by the creatures
bud runs back to the store while david
billy dan amanda and irene reach david's
car
driving through the mist david finds his
home destroyed and stephanie dead
devastated he drives away from town
passing a colossal six-legged beast and
eventually running out of gas
with no means of escaping the mist the
resigned group members decide to end
their lives
david shoots billy and the other three
survivors with his four remaining
bullets before leaving the car to be
taken by the creatures
the mist suddenly dissipates revealing
the vanguard of a u.s army armored
column that is in the process of
exterminating the creatures and
restoring order
seeing that they have also rescued those
from the store including the woman who
left to get to her kids david realizes
that he killed his son and friends for
nothing and drops to his knee screaming
if you enjoyed this video help me grow
my channel by subscribing